# dismember

A simple membership and payments web application for Splat Space.

# Installation and Configuration

dismember is a web application written in Python that uses the Flask 
web microframework.  You could put it behind a reverse proxy like Apache or 
nginx, or have it bind to a publically accessible port.

virtualenv is used to manage dependencies, so you don't have to install
them system-wide.

## Required Software

- Python 2.7
- pip
- virtualenv
- PostgreSQL 9.1+

## Setup

First install the Python dependencies:

    sudo apt-get install python-pip python-virtualenv

Then install the dependencies into the current directory:

    ./vinstall

You might need the PostgreSQL development packages installed to complete
the installation of the PostgreSQL driver.

Once the dependencies are installed, edit config.py to suit your needs.

### Behind an HTTP Reverse Proxy?

If you want to serve dismember through a reverse proxy, you must configure the
proxy to preserve the original request host name.  Dismember needs to know the
original host name in order to format absolute callback URIs to send to 
WePay.  Apache's `ProxyPreserveHost On` directive takes care of this.

If you want your reverse proxy to serve dismember at a non-root
path, like `/dismember`, you must set `config.uriPathPrefix` to that path
in your config.js file.  If you don't set it, stylesheets won't load
and hyperlinks generated by the application will be wrong.

## Starting the Application

Activate the virtual environment and start the service:

    source ./venv/bin/activate && python service.py

The application will automatically create its database schema when it
starts.

## Running as a Service

On Ubuntu systems, use [upstarter](https://www.npmjs.org/package/upstarter)
to quickly generate an upstart script in /etc/init.  When prompted for commands
to run, enter `source ./venv/bin/activate && python service.py`.  You you get to 
choose the description and the other settings.

On other systems, you'll have to write your own init scripts, but
`cd /where/you/installed/it && source ./venv/bin/activate && python service.py` 
is the critical part.
